VERY VINTAGE GENUINE SCHWINN AIR PUMP LOOKS TO BE IN GOOD CONDITION. ASSUME WORKS, NOT TESTED AS I DID NOT HAVE BIKE TO TEST, SOLD AS IS AS SHOWN. PAINT LOOKS GOOD FOR AGE.
This air pump Schwinn Bike seat is in 99 % like new condition. No more then 2 miles has been rode using it. EXCELLENT CONDITION
"BV Bike High Pressure Bicycle Tire Floor Pump with Gauge Inflator BV-FL-03.  The ergonomic design of this floor pump and large stable foot makes handling the pump easier and quicker. The large base is 9.13 in long. The gauge is 1.81 inch in diameter. Being 2 ft tall, the pump allows the
 cyclist to pump air back into the tire with ease! Floor pump is also
the perfect height so both kids or adults can use it!"
Schwinn Homegrown Mountain Bike 15in SMALL Shimano XT Rock Shox. Normal wear and tear from cable rub, heel rub, chain, etc.Scuffing and scratching throughout. No major dents of scratches.
"SANTIC Mens Padded Baggy Cycling Shorts Casual Bike Bicycle Short Pants Black. Coolmax moisture technology ensures maximum transfer and
breathabilityReflective stripe make you safe riding at night Elastic
ribbon with rope design. Strategic dual density padding provides shock absorption. Anatomic multi layer construction for extra comfort.   Anti-Microbial treatment prevents bacterial build up."
Bicycle Front Head Light and Rear Lamp , 5 LED. Get easily spotted by the others at night. Front headlight provides a powerful beam of light. Back light contains 5 bright LED lights and has 7 different modes of operation. Easy mounting. Suitable for installation in the seat tube diameter of around 3.5 cm.  Powered by 4 X AAA Batteries (batteries not included).
Vintage 1984 Trek 520 Touring Bike 48cm 18 Speed USA Made Road Bicycle.  1984 Trek 520 Touring Bike, 48cm,18-speed, built in Waterloo, WI, original Trek 27x1 1/8" Tires, reflectors, and owner's manual. The seat tube measures 18 3/4" from the center of the B.B. to the center of top tube. It is very original with very low miles, has been sitting in a garage for decades and will need a tune up. Serial # 137264. Has some minor rock chips and scratches, seat has some small tears.
Black Shimano 700C 54cm Aluminum Road/Commuter Bike Racing Bicycle 21 Speed. This New Aluminum Road Bike is ideal and perfect for racing or commuting. It is designed to provide maximum speed, power and efficiency. The light design and efficient transfer power from the drive-train offers more benefits to the wheels on the road. Whether commuting or cycling around town or taking trips around, this bike can meet your needs and gives your excellent racing experience.
26" Genesis V2100 Men's Mountain Bike with Full Suspension.  If you want to enjoy superior comfort while riding on hills, then you might have to get the 26-inch Genesis V2100 dual-suspension bike. Featuring a dual-suspension frame, this men's Genesis bicycle is very hill-friendly, and offers you a smooth riding experience even on rough terrain. The suspension fork of this Genesis Mountain Bike ensures you don't feel the bumps on the road. The Shimano gearing system of this bicycle makes shifting between gears a breeze, thus letting you move up and down hills effortlessly. Sudden braking will now be safe, as this Genesis V2100 dual-suspension bike features a front disc brake and a rear V-brake. Long-lasting tires provide a strong grip over rugged paths. Those who love off-road cycling will enjoy the Genesis V2100 Bicycle.
LCD Bicycle Bike Cycling Computer Odometer Speedometer Velometer With Backlight.  This new type of multifunction bicycle-odometer can display all information about the riding speed, mileage and time dynamically when riding. it also includes the function of thermometer, clock and stopwatch.
